the golden boy got his uh or hbo excuse
me got us a
private jet each to flyers from like los
angeles to michigan
michigan to um new york new york to
vegas
we had our own jh and no word of a light
this sums floyd mayweather up off to a t
i think we're flying from
um los angeles or new york to los
angeles or
somewhere in vegas or somewhere like
that and i'm in the
well we're on the plane they're going
then and that the pilot goes ricky come
here
come here so what zobby went have you
heard this idiot
and he put the speaker on and floyd's
going go on man come on man i'll give
you
whatever money you want to overtake him
i'm going to get there first i don't
know what's happening so
we had good memories you know happy
memories yeah we did the 24
7 and they followed you for like four
weeks in the build up and i think it won
some sort of award in the uh
the united states i can't remember what
it was sports
documentary of the year award something
like that
and i think it was because we were so
different
you know what i mean you know floyd was
on it look at me man you know i've got
250 dollars around me wrist and i was i
was at press conferences in los angeles
and floyd was going look at you man
look at this stadium i've got 250 around
my wrist and i was going yeah but floyd
you're an idiot
he's going oh i've got 300 around me
neck i'm going yeah well i didn't say
idiot i was going yeah but you're an
idiot
you know and he was and he was just so
like rubbed off on each other
we did the first one in los angeles then
we went to michigan which was his own
town
then new york then las vegas and then
manchester united
was in the rain that was yeah i was in
los angeles
i went in this restaurant and um all the
press around there there's my dad
and paul speak and my team billy graham
kerry case and
everyone around there and i'm having a
meal and floyd comes out and he goes
oh ricky you having a meal man let me
get it for you and he's probably hundred
dollar bills all over the
all over the table and all the press are
like you know lapping it up
what how much is that bill i'll have
some more man you know i know
how much is the bill he went like 300
you know 300
250 or something like that so i went
picked all the notes i went
cheers floyd
[Laughter]
you know he'd gone from the attention of
gone from him to me
clever dick you know do you think
because your personality is where they
were they built up to and everything did
you
did you actually respect or like each
other at that time or was it
i respect him because i mean at the end
of the day he's the best you know and
he's when i look
at what he's done since he's you've
fought me you know he's probably going
to do it down he's one of the greats so
i mean
it doesn't matter whether you know i
hated mcgee at the time i respected him
i respected army fighters and there's
none more so than than floyd mayweather
and uh
yeah but i mean when you when you're
with him for three weeks
you know oh you know you know it starts
to get on your nerves in a bit
by the time i got to manchester i
thought you're going to have it here
today
and if you remember there was a piece on
sky sports news where but
nobody had the decency to tell me it was
live
so i'm swearing like a trooper yeah
the fella behind the camera is going
and everything he caught it but but no
he was he was he was a very annoying
person but i still respect him